{"zh":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":9.4,"score":0.2},"language":"zh","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"民
主
党设定12月6日为白宫的最后期限，说白宫是否将参加弹each程序\n\n众议院司法委
员会将唐纳德·特朗普总统设定为12月6日的最后期限，以决定他的律师是否将参加委员
会针对他的弹each程
序。","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"纽
约民主党众议院司法委员会主席纳里（Jerry Nadler）星期五给特朗普写了一封信，信
中有新的日期，询问总统的律师是否计划请证人或作
证。","beginOffset":254},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"该
截止日期晚于白宫先前被告知的星期天，即白宫是否将参加周三委员会的第一次弹
hearing听证
会。","beginOffset":442},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"给
总统的信和给佐治亚州共和党人道格·科林斯排名的司法委员会的另一封信在很大程度
上是技术性的，指的是众议院上个月的弹each决议制定的规
则。","beginOffset":574},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"但
是这封信开始为白宫决定是否参加白宫的弹each程序-特朗普和国会共和党人声称这是
不公平的-还是等到参议院可能进行的审判直接向国会提起诉
讼。","beginOffset":772},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"两
位官员称，虽然尚未做出最终决定，但白宫内部最新的想法是，下周可能不会派律师出
庭进行首次司法听证
会。","beginOffset":972},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"白
宫还仍在考虑建议应召集证人的证
人。","beginOffset":1122},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"一
位知情人士表示，特朗普及其团队正在内部就如何回应这一请求进行辩论，包括是否
“值得”参
加。","beginOffset":1178},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"在
经过为期两个月的公开听证会的为期两个月的调查之后，众议院情报委员会正在准备向
司法委员会提交一份报告，该报告将详细说明指控总统施压，要求乌克兰在不举行白宫
会议和400美元的情况下调查乌克兰的政治对
手。","beginOffset":1315},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"百
万美元的安全援
助。","beginOffset":1609},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":0.8}},{"text":{"content":"该
报告将作为司法委员会弹each程序的基础，预计将以乌克兰为重
点。","beginOffset":1641},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"但
是司法委员会的信中也提到了专家小组对前特别律师罗伯特·穆勒（Robert 
Mueller）指控司法不公的调查，一些民主党人希望将其包括在针对总统的弹each案
中。","beginOffset":1732},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":0.8}},{"text":{"content":"司
法委员会周三的首次听证会是“总统弹each的宪法依据”，预计将在众议院展开疯狂的一
个月活
动。","beginOffset":1943},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"预
计司法部门小组将举行多次公开听证会，然后考虑弹articles条款，它将批准在圣诞节
之前设立众议院可能的一次现场投票，这可能使特朗普成为美国历史上第三位被弹
president的总
统。","beginOffset":2076},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"根
据众议院通过的规则，总统的律师可以参加司法委员会的弹each听证会，与本月初众议
院情报委员会的公开听证会不
同。","beginOffset":2320},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"该
规则规定，主席及其律师应邀出席委员会的陈述，并提出问题，提出异议，要求证人或
其他证据并作总结发
言。","beginOffset":2482},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"但
是，参与活动取决于纳德勒的酌处权，民主党人加入了一条条款，规定如果白宫阻碍调
查（例如不提供证人），那么纳德勒就可以阻止其召集自己的证
人。","beginOffset":2634},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"纳
德勒给科林斯的信使他能够要求证人传票，尽管纳德勒可以拒绝这些请
求。","beginOffset":2843},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"在
众议院情报委员会中，民主党人封锁了许多要求的传票，包括与副总统乔·拜登的儿子
亨特和举报人有关的传票，这些举报引发了民主党对特朗普和乌克兰的弹each调
查。","beginOffset":2947},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.9,"score":-0.9}}]},"en":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":2.4,"score":0},"language":"en","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Democrats 
set December 6 deadline for White House to say if it will participate in 
impeachment 
proceedings","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
House Judiciary Committee is setting a deadline of December 6 for President 
Donald Trump to decide whether his attorneys will participate in the 
committee's impeachment proceedings against 
him.","beginOffset":108},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"House 
Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler, a New York Democrat, sent Trump a letter 
Friday with the new date asking if the President's counsel plans to request 
witnesses or make a presentation as part of the 
proceedings.","beginOffset":307},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"That 
deadline is later than the Sunday one the White House was previously given 
to say whether it will participate in the committee's first impeachment 
hearing on 
Wednesday.","beginOffset":525},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
letter to the President and a separate letter sent to Judiciary Committee 
ranking Republican Doug Collins of Georgia were largely technical, 
referring to the rules established by the House's impeachment resolution 
last 
month.","beginOffset":700},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"But 
the letter starts the clock for the White House to decide if it will take 
part in the House's impeachment proceedings -- which Trump and 
congressional Republicans have claimed are unfair -- or wait until a 
potential Senate trial to make its case directly to 
Congress.","beginOffset":930},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"While 
a final decision hasn't been made, the latest thinking inside the White 
House is that it likely won't send an attorney to the first judiciary 
hearing next week, according to two 
officials.","beginOffset":1203},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"The 
White House is also still considering suggesting witnesses who should be 
called for the 
hearing.","beginOffset":1398},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
and his team are debating the merits internally of how to respond to the 
request — including whether it would be \"worth it\" to participate, one 
person close to the process 
said.","beginOffset":1500},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"After 
a two-month investigation capped by two weeks of public hearings, the House 
Intelligence Committee is preparing a report to submit to the Judiciary 
Committee that will detail allegations that the President pressured Ukraine 
to investigate his political rivals while withholding a White House meeting 
and $400 million in security 
aid.","beginOffset":1687},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"The 
report will serve as the basis for the Judiciary Committee's impeachment 
proceedings, which are expected to focus heavily on 
Ukraine.","beginOffset":2028},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"But 
the Judiciary Committee's letter also noted the panel's own investigation 
related to allegations of obstruction of justice from former special 
counsel Robert Mueller, which some Democrats want to be included in 
potential articles of impeachment against the 
President.","beginOffset":2166},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"The 
Judiciary Committee's first hearing on Wednesday — on \"Constitutional 
Grounds for Presidential Impeachment\" — is expected to kick off a frantic 
month of activity in the 
House.","beginOffset":2439},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
Judiciary panel is expected to hold multiple public hearings and then 
consider articles of impeachment, which it would approve to set up a 
possible House floor vote before Christmas that could make Trump just the 
third president in US history to be 
impeached.","beginOffset":2623},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Under 
the House-passed rules, the President's counsel can participate in the 
impeachment hearings in the Judiciary Committee, unlike the public hearings 
earlier this month in the House Intelligence 
Committee.","beginOffset":2888},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
rules state that the President and his counsel are invited to attend 
committee presentations of their evidence, as well as ask questions, raise 
objections, request witnesses or other evidence and make a concluding 
presentation.","beginOffset":3098},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"The 
participation, however, is subject to Nadler's discretion, and Democrats 
included a clause stating that if the White House obstructs the 
investigation -- such as by not making witnesses available -- then Nadler 
could block it from calling its own 
witnesses.","beginOffset":3331},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Nadler's 
letter to Collins offered him the ability to request subpoenas for 
witnesses, though Nadler can deny those 
requests.","beginOffset":3594},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"In 
the House Intelligence Committee, Democrats blocked a number of requested 
subpoenas, including those related to Vice President Joe Biden's son Hunter 
and the whistleblower whose complaint sparked the Democratic impeachment 
inquiry into Trump and 
Ukraine.","beginOffset":3721},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}}]},"fr":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":7.8,"score":-0.1},"language":"fr","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Les 
démocrates ont fixé au 6 décembre la date limite à la Maison Blanche pour 
savoir si elle participerait à la procédure de 
destitution","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Le 
Comité judiciaire de la Chambre fixe au 6 décembre la date butoir du 
président Donald Trump pour décider si ses avocats participeront ou non à 
la procédure de destitution du 
comité.","beginOffset":144},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Le 
président du pouvoir judiciaire de la Chambre, Jerry Nadler, démocrate à 
New York, a envoyé une lettre à Trump vendredi avec la nouvelle date pour 
demander si le conseil du président envisage de demander des témoins ou de 
faire une présentation dans le cadre de la 
procédure.","beginOffset":337},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Cette 
date limite est postérieure à celle de dimanche, celle dont disposait la 
Maison-Blanche pour indiquer si elle participerait à la première audience 
de mise en accusation du comité 
mercredi.","beginOffset":626},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"La 
lettre au président et une lettre séparée adressée au Comité judiciaire, 
qui classe le républicain Doug Collins, républicain de Géorgie, étaient en 
grande partie techniques, faisant référence aux règles établies par la 
résolution de la Chambre sur la destitution du mois 
dernier.","beginOffset":827},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Mais 
la lettre marque le début du délai imparti à la Maison-Blanche pour décider 
si elle participera à la procédure de destitution - ce que Trump et les 
républicains du Congrès ont déclaré injuste - ou attendra l'éventualité 
d'un procès devant le Sénat pour plaider sa cause directement devant le 
Congrès.","beginOffset":1124},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Bien 
que la décision finale n’ait pas encore été prise, la dernière réflexion à 
la Maison-Blanche est de ne pas envoyer d’avocat à la première audience 
judiciaire la semaine prochaine, selon deux 
responsables.","beginOffset":1446},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"La 
Maison Blanche envisage également de suggérer des témoins qui devraient 
être convoqués à 
l'audience.","beginOffset":1668},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
et son équipe discutent des avantages internes de la manière de répondre à 
la demande - y compris s’il serait \"rentable\" de participer, a déclaré 
une personne proche du 
processus.","beginOffset":1779},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Après 
une enquête de deux mois se terminant par deux semaines d'audiences 
publiques, le comité du renseignement de la Chambre prépare actuellement un 
rapport à soumettre au comité du pouvoir judiciaire, qui détaillera les 
allégations selon lesquelles le président aurait fait pression sur 
l'Ukraine pour qu'elle enquête sur ses rivaux politiques tout en empêchant 
la tenue d'une réunion de la Maison-Blanche millions d’aide de 
sécurité.","beginOffset":1974},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":-0.8}},{"text":{"content":"Le 
rapport servira de base à la procédure de mise en accusation du comité 
judiciaire, qui devrait être fortement axée sur 
l'Ukraine.","beginOffset":2428},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Mais 
la lettre du Comité judiciaire mentionnait également la propre enquête du 
comité concernant des allégations d'obstruction à la justice émanant de 
l'ancien avocat spécial, Robert Mueller, que certains démocrates souhaitent 
voir incluses dans des articles potentiels de destitution contre le 
président.","beginOffset":2566},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"La 
première audience de la commission judiciaire mercredi - sur les \"motifs 
constitutionnels pour la destitution du président\" - devrait lancer un 
mois d'activité frénétique à la 
Chambre.","beginOffset":2883},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":-0.8}},{"text":{"content":"La 
commission judiciaire devrait tenir plusieurs audiences publiques, puis 
examiner des actes de destitution, dont elle approuverait la possibilité 
d'organiser un vote à la Chambre avant Noël, qui pourrait faire de Trump le 
troisième président de l'histoire des 
États-Unis.","beginOffset":3077},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Selon 
les règles adoptées par la Chambre, le conseil du président peut participer 
aux audiences de destitution du Comité de la magistrature, contrairement 
aux audiences publiques tenues plus tôt ce mois-ci au sein du Comité du 
renseignement de la 
Chambre.","beginOffset":3358},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Les 
règles stipulent que le président et son conseil sont invités à assister 
aux exposés des comités présentés par le comité, à poser des questions, à 
soulever des objections, à demander des témoins ou d'autres éléments de 
preuve et à faire une présentation 
finale.","beginOffset":3621},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"La 
participation, cependant, est soumise à la discrétion de Nadler, et les 
démocrates ont inclus une clause stipulant que si la Maison Blanche entrave 
l’enquête - par exemple en ne mettant pas de témoins à la disposition du 
président - alors Nadler pourrait l’empêcher de convoquer ses propres 
témoins.","beginOffset":3905},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"La 
lettre de Nadler à Collins lui offrait la possibilité de demander des 
assignations à comparaître de témoins, bien que Nadler puisse refuser ces 
demandes.","beginOffset":4222},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Au 
sein du comité du renseignement de la Chambre, les démocrates ont bloqué un 
certain nombre d'assignations à comparaître, notamment celles liées au fils 
du vice-président Joe Biden, Hunter, et au lanceur d'alerte dont la plainte 
avait déclenché l'enquête d'imputation démocratique sur Trump et 
l'Ukraine.","beginOffset":4385},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":-0.8}}]},"de":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":7.6,"score":-0.2},"language":"de","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Die 
Demokraten setzten dem Weißen Haus den 6. Dezember als Frist, um zu sagen, 
ob es an einem Amtsenthebungsverfahren teilnehmen 
wird","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Der 
Justizausschuss des Repräsentantenhauses setzt Präsident Donald Trump eine 
Frist bis zum 6. Dezember, um zu entscheiden, ob seine Anwälte am 
Amtsenthebungsverfahren des Ausschusses gegen ihn teilnehmen 
werden.","beginOffset":136},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"Der 
Vorsitzende der Justiz des Repräsentantenhauses, Jerry Nadler, ein New 
Yorker Demokrat, sandte Trump am Freitag einen Brief mit dem neuen Datum 
und der Frage, ob der Anwalt des Präsidenten vorhat, Zeugen zu erbitten 
oder im Rahmen des Verfahrens eine Präsentation 
abzuhalten.","beginOffset":354},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Diese 
Frist ist später als der Sonntag, an dem dem Weißen Haus zuvor mitgeteilt 
wurde, ob es an der ersten Anhörung des Ausschusses zur Amtsenthebung am 
Mittwoch teilnehmen 
wird.","beginOffset":638},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Das 
Schreiben an den Präsidenten und ein gesondertes Schreiben an den 
Republikaner Doug Collins aus Georgia, der im Rang eines Justizausschusses 
vertreten ist, waren größtenteils technisch und bezogen sich auf die 
Bestimmungen, die in der Amtsenthebungsentschließung des Parlaments im 
vergangenen Monat festgelegt 
wurden.","beginOffset":821},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Aber 
der Brief beginnt damit, dass das Weiße Haus entscheidet, ob es an den 
Amtsenthebungsverfahren des Hauses teilnehmen wird - die Trump und die 
Kongressrepublikaner für unfair erklärt haben - oder bis ein möglicher 
Senatsprozess ansteht, um seine Sache direkt vor dem Kongress zu 
verhandeln.","beginOffset":1147},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Obwohl 
noch keine endgültige Entscheidung getroffen wurde, wird das Weiße Haus 
nach Ansicht zweier Beamter wahrscheinlich keinen Anwalt zur ersten 
Gerichtsverhandlung nächste Woche 
entsenden.","beginOffset":1447},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":-0.8}},{"text":{"content":"Das 
Weiße Haus erwägt weiterhin, Zeugen vorzuschlagen, die zur Anhörung geladen 
werden 
sollen.","beginOffset":1642},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
und sein Team debattieren intern darüber, wie sie auf die Anfrage reagieren 
sollen - einschließlich der Frage, ob es sich \"lohnt\", daran 
teilzunehmen, sagte eine Person, die dem Prozess nahe 
steht.","beginOffset":1741},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Nach 
einer zweimonatigen Untersuchung, die durch zweiwöchige öffentliche 
Anhörungen abgeschlossen wurde, bereitet der Geheimdienstausschuss des 
Repräsentantenhauses einen Bericht vor, der dem Justizausschuss vorgelegt 
werden soll und der die Behauptungen aufzeigt, der Präsident habe die 
Ukraine unter Druck gesetzt, seine politischen Rivalen zu untersuchen, 
während er eine Sitzung im Weißen Haus und 400 USD zurückhielt Millionen in 
Sicherheitshilfe.","beginOffset":1948},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Der 
Bericht wird als Grundlage für das Amtsenthebungsverfahren des 
Justizausschusses dienen, das sich voraussichtlich stark auf die Ukraine 
konzentrieren 
wird.","beginOffset":2410},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"In 
dem Schreiben des Justizausschusses wurde jedoch auch auf die eigene 
Untersuchung des Gremiums im Zusammenhang mit Behauptungen der Behinderung 
der Justiz durch den ehemaligen Sonderberater Robert Müller hingewiesen, 
die einige Demokraten in potenzielle Amtsenthebungsverfahren gegen den 
Präsidenten aufnehmen 
möchten.","beginOffset":2571},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Es 
wird erwartet, dass die erste Anhörung des Justizausschusses am Mittwoch 
zum Thema \"Gründe für die Amtsenthebung des Präsidenten\" einen hektischen 
Monat der Aktivität im Parlament einläuten 
wird.","beginOffset":2897},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Es 
wird erwartet, dass das Justizgremium mehrere öffentliche Anhörungen abhält 
und dann Amtsenthebungsverfahren 
prüft.","beginOffset":3102},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Es 
wird dann gebilligt, vor Weihnachten ein mögliches Parlamentsvotum 
einzurichten, das Trump zum dritten Präsidenten in der Geschichte der USA 
machen 
könnte.","beginOffset":3225},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Nach 
den vom Repräsentantenhaus verabschiedeten Regeln kann der Anwalt des 
Präsidenten an den Anhörungen zum Amtsenthebungsverfahren im 
Justizausschuss teilnehmen, im Gegensatz zu den öffentlichen Anhörungen zu 
Beginn dieses Monats im House Intelligence 
Committee.","beginOffset":3388},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Die 
Geschäftsordnung sieht vor, dass der Präsident und sein Anwalt eingeladen 
werden, an den Präsentationen ihrer Beweise im Ausschuss teilzunehmen, 
Fragen zu stellen, Einwände zu erheben, Zeugen oder andere Beweise 
anzufordern und eine abschließende Präsentation 
abzugeben.","beginOffset":3659},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Die 
Teilnahme unterliegt jedoch Nadlers Ermessen, und die Demokraten enthielten 
eine Klausel, die besagte, dass Nadler, wenn das Weiße Haus die 
Ermittlungen behindere - etwa indem er keine Zeugen zur Verfügung stelle -, 
die Einberufung seiner eigenen Zeugen blockieren 
könne.","beginOffset":3941},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Nadlers 
Brief an Collins bot ihm die Möglichkeit, Zeugenvorladungen zu beantragen, 
obwohl Nadler diese Anträge ablehnen 
kann.","beginOffset":4221},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Im 
House Intelligence Committee blockierten die Demokraten eine Reihe 
beantragter Vorladungen, einschließlich derjenigen, die mit dem Sohn Hunter 
von Vizepräsident Joe Biden und dem Whistleblower in Verbindung standen, 
deren Beschwerde die Untersuchung der Demokraten gegen Trump und die 
Ukraine 
auslöste.","beginOffset":4350},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}}]},"it":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":7.6,"score":0},"language":"it","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"I 
democratici fissano la scadenza del 6 dicembre per la Casa Bianca per dire 
se parteciperà alle procedure di 
impeachment","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Il 
comitato giudiziario della Camera fissa una scadenza del 6 dicembre per il 
presidente Donald Trump per decidere se i suoi avvocati parteciperanno alle 
procedure di impeachment del comitato contro di 
lui.","beginOffset":124},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Il 
presidente della magistratura della Camera Jerry Nadler, un democratico di 
New York, ha inviato a Trump una lettera venerdì con la nuova data 
chiedendo se i consigli del presidente intendono richiedere testimoni o 
fare una presentazione come parte del 
procedimento.","beginOffset":332},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Tale 
termine è più tardi di quello di domenica precedente alla Casa Bianca per 
dire se parteciperà alla prima udienza di impeachment della commissione 
mercoledì.","beginOffset":603},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"La 
lettera al presidente e una lettera separata inviata al comitato 
giudiziario del repubblicano Doug Collins della Georgia erano in gran parte 
tecniche, facendo riferimento alle regole stabilite dalla risoluzione 
dell'impeachment della Camera il mese 
scorso.","beginOffset":770},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Ma 
la lettera avvia l'orologio per la Casa Bianca per decidere se prenderà 
parte ai procedimenti di impeachment della Camera - che Trump e i 
repubblicani del Congresso hanno dichiarato ingiusti - o aspettano fino a 
un potenziale processo al Senato per portare la sua causa direttamente al 
Congresso.","beginOffset":1030},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Sebbene 
non sia stata presa una decisione definitiva, l'ultimo pensiero all'interno 
della Casa Bianca è che probabilmente non invierà un avvocato alla prima 
udienza giudiziaria della prossima settimana, secondo due 
funzionari.","beginOffset":1332},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"La 
Casa Bianca sta ancora prendendo in considerazione l'idea di suggerire 
testimoni che dovrebbero essere chiamati per 
l'udienza.","beginOffset":1561},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
e il suo team stanno discutendo internamente dei meriti su come rispondere 
alla richiesta - incluso se valga la pena \"partecipare\", ha detto una 
persona vicina al 
processo.","beginOffset":1692},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Dopo 
un'indagine di due mesi, chiusa da due settimane di audizioni pubbliche, il 
Comitato di intelligence della Casa sta preparando un rapporto da 
presentare al Comitato giudiziario che descriverà in dettaglio le accuse 
secondo cui il Presidente ha fatto pressioni sull'Ucraina per indagare sui 
suoi rivali politici mentre stava trattenendo una riunione della Casa 
Bianca e $ 400 milioni di aiuti alla 
sicurezza.","beginOffset":1872},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":-0.8}},{"text":{"content":"La 
relazione servirà come base per le procedure di impeachment del comitato 
giudiziario, che dovrebbero essere fortemente incentrate 
sull'Ucraina.","beginOffset":2287},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Ma 
la lettera del comitato giudiziario ha anche preso atto dell'indagine del 
panel relativa alle accuse di ostruzione alla giustizia dell'ex consigliere 
speciale Robert Mueller, che alcuni democratici vogliono essere inclusi in 
potenziali articoli di impeachment contro il 
presidente.","beginOffset":2435},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"La 
prima udienza della commissione giudiziaria mercoledì - sui \"motivi 
costituzionali per l'impeachment presidenziale\" - dovrebbe iniziare un 
frenetico mese di attività alla 
Camera.","beginOffset":2721},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"La 
giuria dovrebbe tenere numerose udienze pubbliche e quindi prendere in 
considerazione articoli di impeachment, che approverebbe per istituire un 
possibile voto alla Camera prima di Natale che potrebbe far sì che Trump 
sia solo il terzo presidente della storia degli Stati Uniti ad essere 
accusato.","beginOffset":2905},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Secondo 
le regole approvate dalla Camera, il consigliere del Presidente può 
partecipare alle udienze di impeachment nel comitato giudiziario, a 
differenza delle audizioni pubbliche all'inizio di questo mese nel comitato 
di intelligence della 
Camera.","beginOffset":3208},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"Le 
regole stabiliscono che il Presidente e il suo avvocato sono invitati a 
partecipare alle presentazioni in commissione delle loro prove, nonché a 
porre domande, sollevare obiezioni, richiedere testimoni o altre prove e 
fare una presentazione 
conclusiva.","beginOffset":3460},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"La 
partecipazione, tuttavia, è soggetta alla discrezione di Nadler e i 
democratici includevano una clausola che affermava che se la Casa Bianca 
ostacolasse l'indagine, come ad esempio non rendendo disponibili i 
testimoni, Nadler potrebbe impedirle di chiamare i propri 
testimoni.","beginOffset":3718},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"La 
lettera di Nadler a Collins gli offriva la possibilità di richiedere 
citazioni in giudizio per i testimoni, sebbene Nadler potesse negare quelle 
richieste.","beginOffset":4000},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"In 
seno al comitato di intelligence della Camera, i democratici hanno bloccato 
una serie di citazioni richieste, tra cui quelle relative al figlio del 
vicepresidente Joe Biden, Hunter e all'informatore, la cui denuncia ha 
scatenato l'inchiesta di impeachment democratica su Trump e 
l'Ucraina.","beginOffset":4161},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}}]},"ja":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":7,"score":0.1},"language":"ja","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"民
主党は、ホワイトハウスが弾imp訴訟に参加するかどうかを言うために12月6日に期限
を設定しました\n\n下院司法委員会は、ドナルド・トランプ大統領が彼の弁護士が彼
に対する委員会の弾each訴訟に参加するかどうかを決定するための12月6日の期限を
設定していま
す。","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"ニ
ューヨーク民主党のジェリー・ナドラー下院議長は、大統領の弁護士が証人を要求す
るか、訴訟の一部としてプレゼンテーションを行うかを尋ねる新しい日付の金曜日に
トランプに手紙を送っ
た。","beginOffset":359},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"そ
の締め切りは、ホワイトハウスが水曜日の委員会の最初の弾hearing聴聞会に参加す
るかどうかを言うために以前に与えられた日曜日のものより遅れていま
す。","beginOffset":628},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"大
統領への手紙とジョージア州共和党のダグ・コリンズをランク付けする司法委員会に
送られた別の手紙は、先月下院の弾each決議によって確立された規則を参照して、主
に技術的でし
た。","beginOffset":844},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"し
かし、この手紙は、ホワイトハウスが下院の弾each訴訟に参加するかどうかを決定す
る時計を開始します-それはトランプと議会の共和党員が不公平であると主張してい
ます-または潜在的な上院裁判が議会に直接そのケースを作るまで待つ
か。","beginOffset":1097},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"最
終決定は下されていませんが、ホワイトハウス内部の最新の考えは、2人の関係者に
よると、来週の最初の司法審問に弁護士を派遣しない可能性が高いということで
す。","beginOffset":1426},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"ホ
ワイトハウスは、聴聞会に呼ばれるべき証人を提案することも検討していま
す。","beginOffset":1655},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"ト
ランプ氏と彼のチームは、参加することが「価値がある」かどうかなど、リクエスト
への対応方法について内部的に議論していま
す。","beginOffset":1768},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"2週
間にわたる公聴会で2か月の調査を行った後、下院情報委員会は司法委員会に提出す
る報告書を作成し、ホワイトハウス会議と400ドルを差し控えながら大統領がウクラ
イナに政治的ライバルを調査するよう圧力をかけた疑惑を詳述します百万のセキュリ
ティ援
助。","beginOffset":1953},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"こ
の報告書は、司法委員会の弾Ukraine訴訟の基礎となり、ウクライナに大きく焦点を
当てることが期待されていま
す。","beginOffset":2311},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"し
かし、司法委員会の手紙は、元特別顧問のロバート・ミューラーによる司法妨害の申
し立てに関連するパネル自身の調査にも言及しており、一部の民主党員は大統領に対
する弾impの可能性のある記事に含まれたいと考えてい
る。","beginOffset":2468},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"水
曜日の司法委員会の最初の公聴会-「大統領弾Imの憲法上の根拠」-下院での半年に及
ぶ活動のキックオフが期待されていま
す。","beginOffset":2779},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"司
法委員会は、複数の公聴会を開催し、弾thenの記事を検討することが期待されていま
す。","beginOffset":2951},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":0.8}},{"text":{"content":"こ
れは、クリスマス前にトランプを弾USする米国の歴史の第3代大統領にすることがで
きる可能性のある下院投票を設定することを承認しま
す。","beginOffset":3072},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"下
院通過規則の下では、大統領顧問は、今月下院Intelligence報委員会での公聴会とは
異なり、司法委員会での弾each聴聞会に参加することができま
す。","beginOffset":3266},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"規
則では、大統領と彼の弁護士は、委員会の証拠の提示に出席し、質問をし、異議を唱
え、証人または他の証拠を要求し、最終的なプレゼンテーションを行うように求めら
れていま
す。","beginOffset":3467},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"た
だし、参加はナドラーの裁量の対象であり、民主党は、ホワイトハウスが調査を妨害
した場合（証人を利用できないようにするなど）、ナドラーが自身の証人を呼ぶこと
をブロックできると述べた条項を含めまし
た。","beginOffset":3718},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}},{"text":{"content":"ナ
ドラーのコリンズへの手紙は、証人の召喚状を要求する能力を彼に提供しましたが、
ナドラーはそれらの要求を拒否することができま
す。","beginOffset":4014},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"下
院Intelligence報委員会で、民主党は、ジョー・バイデン副大統領の息子ハンターお
よびトランプとウクライナに対する民主的な弾eachの調査を引き起こした内部告発者
に関連するものを含む、要求された多数の召喚状をブロックしまし
た。","beginOffset":4205},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}}]},"ko":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":8.1,"score":0.2},"language":"ko","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"민주당, 
12 월 6 일 백악관이 탄핵 소송에 참여할 것인지에 대한 
기한","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"하원 
사법위원회는 도널드 트럼프 대통령이 그의 변호사들이 그를 상대로 탄핵 소송에 
참여할 것인지 결정하기 위해 12 월 6 일 마감일을 정하고 
있습니다.","beginOffset":92},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"뉴욕 
민주당 의원 제리 나 들러 (Jerry Nadler) 하원 의원은 금요일 대통령의 
변호인이 증인을 요청하거나 절차의 일부로 발표 할 계획인지 묻는 새로운 
날짜와 함께 편지를 
보냈다.","beginOffset":299},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"그 
기한은 백악관이 수요일에 수요일에 탄핵 청문회에 참석할 것인지를 밝히기 위해 
주어지는 일요일보다 
늦습니다.","beginOffset":535},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"대통령에 
대한 서한과 조지아의 더그 콜린스 공화당 사법위원회에 발송 된 별도의 서한은 
지난달 하원의 탄핵 결의안에 의해 제정 된 규칙을 참조하면서 대부분 
기술적이었다.","beginOffset":692},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"그러나이 
서한은 백악관이 트럼프와 의회 공화당이 불공평하다고 주장한 하원의 탄핵 
소송에 참여할 것인지, 상원 재판이 의회에 직접 소송을 제기 할 때까지 기다릴 
것인지를 결정하기 위해 시계를 
시작합니다.","beginOffset":926},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"최종 
결정은 내려지지 않았지만 백악관 내부의 최근 생각은 다음 주 첫 번째 사법 
심리에 변호사를 보내지 않을 것이라고 두 관리는 
밝혔다.","beginOffset":1208},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"백악관은 
여전히 ​​청문회에 참석해야 할 증인의 제안을 고려하고 
있습니다.","beginOffset":1395},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"트럼프와 
그의 팀은 요청에 응답하는 방법에 대해 내부적으로 장점에 대해 
토론하고있다.","beginOffset":1502},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":0.7}},{"text":{"content":"2 
주간의 공청회에 의해 2 개월간의 조사가 끝난 후 하원 정보위원회는 
사법위원회에 제출할 보고서를 준비 중이며, 대통령은 백악관 회의와 400 달러를 
보류 한 채 정치적 라이벌을 조사하기 위해 우크라이나에 압력을 가했다는 
혐의를 자세히 설명 할 
것입니다.","beginOffset":1623},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"수백만의 
보안 
지원.","beginOffset":1969},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"이 
보고서는 사법위원회의 탄핵 절차의 기초가 될 것이며, 이는 우크라이나에 크게 
집중할 것으로 
예상됩니다.","beginOffset":1998},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"그러나 
사법위원회의 서한은 전직 특별 변호인 로버트 뮬러 (Robert Mueller)의 정의에 
대한 혐의와 관련된 패널 자체의 조사에 대해서도 
언급했다.","beginOffset":2146},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"일부 
민주당은 대통령에 대한 탄핵에 포함되기를 
희망하고있다.","beginOffset":2337},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"수요일 
\"사법 탄핵에 대한 헌법 근거\"에 관한 사법위원회의 첫 청문회는 집안에서 
열렬한 활동을 시작할 것으로 
예상된다.","beginOffset":2424},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"사법부 
패널은 다수의 공청회를 개최 한 후 탄핵 기사를 검토 할 예정이며, 이는 미국 
역사상 세 번째 대통령 만 탄핵 할 수있는 성탄절 이전에 가능한 하우스 플로어 
투표를 승인하는 
것입니다.","beginOffset":2587},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"하원 
통과 규칙에 따라 대통령의 조언은 이번 달 초 하원 정보위원회의 공청회와 달리 
사법위원회의 탄핵 청문회에 참여할 수 
있습니다.","beginOffset":2845},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"이 
규칙은 회장과 그의 변호사가 자신의 증거에 대한위원회 프레젠테이션에 
참석하고, 질문을하고, 이의를 제기하며, 증인 또는 기타 증거를 요청하고, 
결론을 제시하도록 초대 받았다고 명시하고 
있습니다.","beginOffset":3028},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"그러나 
참여는 Nadler의 재량에 달려 있으며 민주당은 백악관이 증인을 구할 수없는 등 
조사를 방해하는 경우 Nadler가 자신의 증인을 부르는 것을 차단할 수 있다는 
내용의 조항을 
포함시켰다.","beginOffset":3304},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Nadler가 
Collins에게 보낸 서한은 그에게 소환장을 요청할 수있는 능력을 제공했지만 
Nadler는 그러한 요청을 거부 할 
수있었습니다.","beginOffset":3557},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"하원 
정보위원회에서 민주당은 조 바이든 부통령의 아들 헌터 및 트럼프와 
우크라이나에 대한 민주당 탄핵 조사에 대한 불만이 제기 된 내부 고발자와 
관련된 소송을 포함하여 다수의 소환장을 
차단했습니다.","beginOffset":3729},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}}]},"pt":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":5.7,"score":0},"language":"pt","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Democratas 
estabelecem prazo para 6 de dezembro para a Casa Branca dizer se vai 
participar de processos de 
impeachment","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"O 
Comitê Judiciário da Câmara está definindo um prazo de 6 de dezembro para o 
presidente Donald Trump decidir se seus advogados participarão dos 
processos de impeachment do comitê contra 
ele.","beginOffset":120},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"O 
presidente do Judiciário da Câmara, Jerry Nadler, democrata de Nova York, 
enviou a Trump uma carta na sexta-feira com a nova data perguntando se o 
conselho do presidente planeja solicitar testemunhas ou fazer uma 
apresentação como parte do 
processo.","beginOffset":319},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Esse 
prazo é posterior ao domingo que a Casa Branca recebeu anteriormente para 
dizer se participará da primeira audiência de impeachment do comitê na 
quarta-feira.","beginOffset":576},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"A 
carta ao Presidente e uma carta separada enviada ao Comitê Judiciário, 
classificando o republicano Doug Collins, da Geórgia, foram amplamente 
técnicas, referindo-se às regras estabelecidas pela resolução de 
impeachment da Câmara no mês 
passado.","beginOffset":745},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Mas 
a carta inicia o relógio para a Casa Branca decidir se participará dos 
processos de impeachment da Casa - que Trump e republicanos do Congresso 
alegaram serem injustos - ou espere até um possível julgamento no Senado 
para apresentar seu caso diretamente ao 
Congresso.","beginOffset":1001},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Embora 
uma decisão final não tenha sido tomada, o pensamento mais recente dentro 
da Casa Branca é que provavelmente não enviará um advogado para a primeira 
audiência judicial na próxima semana, segundo duas 
autoridades.","beginOffset":1278},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"A 
Casa Branca também ainda está considerando sugerir testemunhas que devem 
ser convocadas para a 
audiência.","beginOffset":1505},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
e sua equipe estão debatendo internamente o mérito de como responder à 
solicitação - incluindo se valeria a pena participar, disse uma pessoa 
próxima ao 
processo.","beginOffset":1617},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Após 
uma investigação de dois meses, marcada por duas semanas de audiências 
públicas, o Comitê de Inteligência da Câmara está preparando um relatório a 
ser submetido ao Comitê Judiciário que detalhará as alegações de que o 
Presidente pressionou a Ucrânia a investigar seus rivais políticos enquanto 
retinha uma reunião da Casa Branca e US $ 400 milhões em ajuda à 
segurança.","beginOffset":1793},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"O 
relatório servirá de base para os processos de impeachment do Comitê 
Judiciário, que devem se concentrar fortemente na 
Ucrânia.","beginOffset":2190},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Mas 
a carta do Comitê Judiciário também observou a investigação do próprio 
painel relacionada a alegações de obstrução da justiça do ex-advogado 
especial Robert Mueller, que alguns democratas querem incluir em possíveis 
artigos de impeachment contra o 
presidente.","beginOffset":2325},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":0.5}},{"text":{"content":"A 
primeira audiência do Comitê Judiciário na quarta-feira - sobre 
\"Fundamentos Constitucionais para o Impeachment Presidencial\" - deve 
começar um mês frenético de atividade na 
Câmara.","beginOffset":2602},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Espera-se 
que o painel do Judiciário realize várias audiências públicas e, em 
seguida, considere os artigos de impeachment, que aprovaria estabelecer uma 
possível votação no plenário da Câmara antes do Natal que poderia fazer de 
Trump apenas o terceiro presidente da história dos EUA a ser 
impugnado.","beginOffset":2793},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Sob 
as regras aprovadas pela Câmara, o conselho do Presidente pode participar 
das audiências de impeachment no Comitê Judiciário, ao contrário das 
audiências públicas no início deste mês no Comitê de Inteligência da 
Câmara.","beginOffset":3105},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"As 
regras estipulam que o Presidente e seu advogado são convidados a 
participar das apresentações de suas evidências pelo comitê, além de fazer 
perguntas, levantar objeções, solicitar testemunhas ou outras evidências e 
fazer uma apresentação 
final.","beginOffset":3342},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":0.4}},{"text":{"content":"A 
participação, no entanto, está sujeita ao critério de Nadler, e os 
democratas incluíram uma cláusula afirmando que, se a Casa Branca obstruir 
a investigação - como não disponibilizar testemunhas -, Nadler poderá 
impedi-lo de chamar suas próprias 
testemunhas.","beginOffset":3603},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"A 
carta de Nadler para Collins ofereceu a ele a capacidade de solicitar 
intimações para testemunhas, embora Nadler possa negar esses 
pedidos.","beginOffset":3876},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"No 
Comitê de Inteligência da Câmara, os democratas bloquearam várias 
intimações solicitadas, incluindo aquelas relacionadas ao filho do 
vice-presidente Joe Biden, Hunter, e o denunciante cuja denúncia provocou o 
inquérito de impeachment democrata em Trump e na 
Ucrânia.","beginOffset":4021},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}}]},"es":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":7.4,"score":-0.1},"language":"es","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Los 
demócratas fijaron el 6 de diciembre como fecha límite para que la Casa 
Blanca diga si participará en los procedimientos de juicio 
político.","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"El 
Comité Judicial de la Cámara de Representantes está fijando una fecha 
límite del 6 de diciembre para que el presidente Donald Trump decida si sus 
abogados participarán en los procedimientos de juicio político del comité 
contra 
él.","beginOffset":150},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"El 
presidente del Poder Judicial de la Cámara de Representantes, Jerry Nadler, 
un demócrata de Nueva York, le envió a Trump una carta el viernes con la 
nueva fecha preguntando si el abogado del presidente planea solicitar 
testigos o hacer una presentación como parte de los 
procedimientos.","beginOffset":393},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"Esa 
fecha límite es posterior al domingo que se le dio previamente a la Casa 
Blanca para decir si participará en la primera audiencia de juicio político 
del comité el 
miércoles.","beginOffset":688},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"La 
carta al Presidente y una carta separada enviada al Comité Judicial que 
clasificó al republicano Doug Collins de Georgia fueron en gran parte 
técnicas, en referencia a las reglas establecidas por la resolución de 
juicio político de la Cámara el mes 
pasado.","beginOffset":872},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"Pero 
la carta inicia el reloj para que la Casa Blanca decida si participará en 
los procedimientos de juicio político de la Cámara, que Trump y los 
republicanos del Congreso han afirmado que son injustos, o esperar hasta un 
posible juicio en el Senado para presentar su caso directamente al 
Congreso.","beginOffset":1138},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":-0.3}},{"text":{"content":"Si 
bien no se ha tomado una decisión final, el último pensamiento dentro de la 
Casa Blanca es que es probable que no envíe un abogado a la primera 
audiencia judicial la próxima semana, según dos 
funcionarios.","beginOffset":1442},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"La 
Casa Blanca también está considerando sugerir testigos a los que se debe 
convocar para la 
audiencia.","beginOffset":1656},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
y su equipo están debatiendo internamente los méritos de cómo responder a 
la solicitud, incluido si valdría la pena participar, dijo una persona 
cercana al 
proceso.","beginOffset":1763},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Después 
de una investigación de dos meses limitada por dos semanas de audiencias 
públicas, el Comité de Inteligencia de la Cámara de Representantes está 
preparando un informe para presentar al Comité Judicial que detallará las 
acusaciones de que el Presidente presionó a Ucrania para investigar a sus 
rivales políticos mientras retenía una reunión de la Casa Blanca y $ 400 
millones en ayuda de 
seguridad.","beginOffset":1939},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.7,"score":-0.7}},{"text":{"content":"El 
informe servirá de base para los procedimientos de juicio político del 
Comité Judicial, que se espera que se centren principalmente en 
Ucrania.","beginOffset":2358},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.8,"score":0.8}},{"text":{"content":"Pero 
la carta del Comité Judicial también señalaba la propia investigación del 
panel relacionada con las acusaciones de obstrucción de la justicia por 
parte del ex asesor especial Robert Mueller, que algunos demócratas quieren 
incluir en posibles artículos de juicio político contra el 
Presidente.","beginOffset":2508},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Se 
espera que la primera audiencia del Comité Judicial el miércoles, sobre 
\"Motivos constitucionales para la destitución presidencial\", inicie un 
mes frenético de actividad en la 
Cámara.","beginOffset":2815},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Se 
espera que el panel judicial celebre múltiples audiencias públicas y luego 
considere artículos de juicio político, que aprobaría para establecer una 
posible votación en la Cámara antes de Navidad que podría convertir a Trump 
en el tercer presidente de la historia de Estados Unidos en ser 
destituido.","beginOffset":3007},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Según 
las reglas aprobadas por la Cámara, el abogado del Presidente puede 
participar en las audiencias de juicio político en el Comité Judicial, a 
diferencia de las audiencias públicas a principios de este mes en el Comité 
de Inteligencia de la 
Cámara.","beginOffset":3320},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.6,"score":-0.6}},{"text":{"content":"Las 
reglas establecen que el Presidente y su abogado están invitados a asistir 
a las presentaciones del comité de sus pruebas, así como a hacer preguntas, 
formular objeciones, solicitar testigos u otras pruebas y hacer una 
presentación 
final.","beginOffset":3581},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"La 
participación, sin embargo, está sujeta a la discreción de Nadler, y los 
demócratas incluyeron una cláusula que establece que si la Casa Blanca 
obstruye la investigación, por ejemplo, al no poner a disposición testigos, 
Nadler podría impedir que llame a sus propios 
testigos.","beginOffset":3829},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":-0.2}},{"text":{"content":"La 
carta de Nadler a Collins le ofreció la posibilidad de solicitar citaciones 
para testigos, aunque Nadler puede negar esas 
solicitudes.","beginOffset":4117},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"En 
el Comité de Inteligencia de la Cámara, los demócratas bloquearon una serie 
de citaciones solicitadas, incluidas las relacionadas con el hijo del 
vicepresidente Joe Biden, Hunter, y el denunciante cuya denuncia provocó la 
investigación de la acusación demócrata sobre Trump y 
Ucrania.","beginOffset":4257},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.5,"score":-0.5}}]},"random_to_source":{"documentSentiment":{"magnitude":2.3,"score":0},"language":"en","sentences":[{"text":{"content":"Democrats 
set December 6 deadline for White House to consider whether to participate 
in 
impeachment","beginOffset":0},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.3,"score":0.3}},{"text":{"content":"The 
Judiciary Committee of the House sets December 6 as the deadline for 
President Donald Trump to decide whether his lawyers will participate in 
the impeachment process of the 
committee.","beginOffset":101},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
Speaker of the Judiciary, Jerry Nadler, Democrat in New York, sent a letter 
to Trump on Friday with the new date asking if the President's Council is 
considering asking for witnesses or making a presentation as part of the 
procedure.","beginOffset":290},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"This 
deadline is later than Sunday, which was available to the White House to 
indicate whether it would participate in the first hearing of the committee 
on 
Wednesday.","beginOffset":529},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
letter to the president and a separate letter to the Judiciary Committee, 
which classifies Georgia Republican Republican Doug Collins, were largely 
technical, referring to the rules set by the House resolution on the 
impeachment of last 
month.","beginOffset":698},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"But 
the letter marks the beginning of the White House's deadline for deciding 
whether to take part in the impeachment process - which Trump and the 
congressional Republicans have declared unfair - or will wait for a trial 
in the Senate to to plead his case directly before the 
Congress.","beginOffset":946},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Although 
the final decision has not yet been made, the latest thought at the White 
House is not to send a lawyer to the first court hearing next week, 
according to two 
officials.","beginOffset":1234},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
White House is also considering suggesting witnesses who should be called 
to the 
hearing.","beginOffset":1413},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Trump 
and his team are discussing the internal benefits of responding to demand - 
including whether it would be \"profitable\" to participate, said a person 
close to the 
process.","beginOffset":1508},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"After 
a two-month investigation ending two weeks of public hearings, the House's 
Intelligence Committee is preparing a report to be submitted to the 
Judiciary Committee, which will detail allegations that the President has 
lobbied 
Ukraine.","beginOffset":1686},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"to 
investigate its political rivals while preventing a meeting of the White 
House million security 
help.","beginOffset":1926},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"The 
report will serve as a basis for the impeachment process of the Judiciary 
Committee, which should be heavily focused on 
Ukraine.","beginOffset":2032},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":0.1}},{"text":{"content":"But 
the Judicial Committee's letter also mentioned the committee's own 
investigation into allegations of obstruction of justice by former special 
advocate Robert Mueller, whom some Democrats want included in potential 
articles of impeachment against the 
president.","beginOffset":2165},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.2,"score":0.2}},{"text":{"content":"The 
first hearing of the Judiciary Committee on Wednesday - on \"constitutional 
grounds for the dismissal of the president\" - is expected to launch a 
month of frenetic activity in the 
House.","beginOffset":2431},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
Judiciary Committee is expected to hold several public hearings, then 
consider impeachment, which it would approve of having a vote in the House 
before Christmas, which could make Trump the third president in US 
history.","beginOffset":2621},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"According 
to the rules adopted by the House, the President's Council can participate 
in impeachment hearings of the Judiciary Committee, as opposed to the 
public hearings held earlier this month in the House Intelligence 
Committee.","beginOffset":2847},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"The 
rules state that the chair and his or her board are invited to attend panel 
presentations by the committee, to ask questions, to raise objections, to 
ask for witnesses or other evidence, and to make a final 
presentation.","beginOffset":3080},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}},{"text":{"content":"Participation, 
however, is subject to Nadler's discretion, and the Democrats have included 
a clause stating that if the White House obstructs the investigation - for 
example by not putting witnesses at the disposal of the president - then 
Nadler could prevent him from summoning his own 
witnesses.","beginOffset":3306},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.1,"score":-0.1}},{"text":{"content":"Nadler's 
letter to Collins offered him the opportunity to request subpoenas from 
witnesses, although Nadler could refuse such 
requests.","beginOffset":3605},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0.4,"score":-0.4}},{"text":{"content":"In 
the House's intelligence committee, the Democrats blocked a number of 
subpoenas, including those related to the son of Vice President Joe Biden, 
Hunter, and the whistleblower whose complaint sparked the Democratic 
imputation investigation on Trump and 
Ukraine.","beginOffset":3742},"sentiment":{"magnitude":0,"score":0}}],"foreign_lang":"fr"}}